Well there wasn't a lot of things to go through but it's key to understand how the anger starts and
how it works.
Now in March we also got imports and providers and I haven't talked about these now as I told you angler
may consist of multiple marshals.
Here we only have one but actually we only have one custom monohull so one in our project.
The angular framework itself also consists of many tiny modules which expose certain functionalities.
The idea behind this modular system is that you only import what you need and therefore the bundle which
is created in the end decode which is created in the end is as small as possible as things you don't
need can be left out.
Here we get free imports by default browser module formats module and HTB module.
And as you can see all these modules are imported from angular packages.
The browser module actually is the only module we definitely need to have a running application.
It contains some core functionality to start and load and run our app and it exposes some basic features
we probably use in most English apps.
You will see them in the late Electra's forms module unlocks some form specific features you don't necessarily
need this if you never work with any input elements or something like that you can probably remove it
and also remove the import and HTB module is added to give you some H2-B related features.
So a ways to send HTP requests to a server in the back.
And that also might not be needed if you don't send such requests.
So data is what we have an imports.
Providers are connected to a novel concept into which I won't dive in dis introduction services.
Now services are an advanced concept in angular and therefore of course part of my complete guide on
Englad for example but vidis basic introduction.
We don't really need them.
They're not part of the core syntax.
So we're now we may just ignore this provider's array here.